Property rules documentation (#1076)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/authentication-authorization/privileges-reads.adoc

DENY TRAVERSE ON HOME GRAPH NODES Payments TO regularUsers
----

Although we just granted the role `regularUsers` the right to read all properties on nodes with label `Post`,
we may want to make this more fine-grained using xref:authentication-authorization/property-based-access-control.adoc[Property-based access control] to hide the posts with `secret` property set to `true`.
The following example shows how to do that:

[source, cypher, role=noplay]
----

> DENY TRAVERSE ON HOME GRAPH FOR (:Post {secret: true}) TO regularUsers

Reviewer: no tiny examples for read and match?

Author: I had in a previous commit. Would you like me to add them back? I removed them when we created the separate Property-based access control page since I thought I was repeating myself a lot.

Reviewer: I think it might be nice to have one each here (and then maybe more than one for each in the main property rule page)

GRANT MATCH { language, length } ON GRAPH neo4j NODES Message TO regularUsers
----

> The following query exemplifies how you can grant the ability to find nodes `Post` and `Likes` where property `secret` is set to `false`, as well as reading all their properties to the role `regularUsers`:

Reviewer: why change the ` around Likes?
```suggestion
The following query grants the `regularUsers` role the ability to find `Post` and `Likes` nodes where the `secret` property is set to `false`, as well as reading all their properties.
```

> The following query exemplifies how you can grant the ability to find nodes `Post` and `Likes` where property `secret` is set to `false`, as well as reading all their properties to the role `regularUsers`:

Reviewer 2: It is just that sometimes we say "grant someone something", and sometimes "grant something to someone". But now that you asked, I think the better order is "grant something to someone".

> The following query exemplifies how you can grant the ability to find nodes `Post` and `Likes` where property `secret` is set to `false`, as well as reading all their properties to the role `regularUsers`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following query grants the ability to find `Post` and `Likes` nodes where the `secret` property is set to `false`, as well as reading all their properties the `regularUsers` role.
```
